So working retail is like this 

	You come into the store from the sweltering heat outside and drenched in sweat, smile and wave at all your coworkers and B-Line it to the staff room.
If it's a weekday, during the time of day called "afternoon", the staff room is usually full of people none of which you will talk to. 
Maybe you use the washroom, apply some deodorant, splash your face with water, put in some eyedrops, rinse your mouth or even use the toilet, and then
it's time to work.

	In other retail stores, the employees usually walk up to you and try to help you find whatever you're looking for, but in the second-hand flavour of 
retail that I am employed in, we pretty much just ignore the customers. It's not a quaint antique store or a small thrift but a massive part in a chain
of other massive stores. We receive people's junk, and sell it back to them at a huge price markup. We get all of it for free, so whatever things are priced
inside of the store are pretty much entirely made up and arbitrary.
	The company claims to give money back to a non-profit organization 'for every item that is
donated', but honestly nobody really knows anything about it. Sometimes they put me to work in the area where we receive donations, and we truly get so much
junk that there would be no way to have an actual number of "things-we've-received today". Maybe they count the amount of crates they fill up with junk.

	Anyway, I'm getting off topic now,
	Right now you're pushing and pulling at clothing hung on long metal bars. You pull it all towards you and you sort through it and you push it all back.
Every movement you carry out for hours is are rehearsed, practiced over and over. You stoop down to pick up a brown hoodie. You're in a play and you're playing 
the character. You're not Harry Mowelawn or Octavio Maury or anybody --  you're the archetypal "retail man". You push and you pull and you stoop down and you pick
up and hang clothes. Your hands glide over the clothes and feel around like an octopus' tentacle, looking for unused hangers. The archetypal retail man can be
anywhere from friendly to surly, they could be tired or energetic, but whatever moods you have are limited by the retail space itself.

	Flourescent lights overhead, four walls, dust everywhere and every so often; weird smells. Any way that it is possible to feel while inside this building,
or any retail building, will be a reflection of the building itself. 
