I've managed to live my life up to now with much less human contact than I 
even realized is unhealthy. I hardly talk to or relate to my family. The
people I know at school are shallow observers there to laugh at my jokes. I
feel that I don't know anybody and nobody knows me. There's a ravine between
me and everyone around me. Impossible to cross physically, but sound travels
well enough to give the illusion of interaction. Nobody knows a damn thing
about me other than the persona I put forward, and I don't know about anybody
else other than what my persona is allowed to understand.

The truth is, that the interests that I've chosen and the way I've chosen to
go about them requires a lot of sitting down alone. Doesn't even matter if I
like being alone, because I like my hobbies just enough to stave off
loneliness. I just get high and go about my business as a kind of substitution
for having real human connections. Being lonely is what I've gotten used to,
and keeping happy is a game of distracting myself from just how lonely I
actually am. I have some friends but nobody I share a truly intimate
connection with. The friends I have can laugh at my jokes and spend time
around me, but that's no substitute for genuine love.

I've surrounded myself with laughing idiots and clones to imitate my behaviour
to distract myself from the fact that I do not feel genuine love for anyone.
I have countless people to call for a laugh, but who can I cry with? Who can
comfort me when it all gets too much? I feel lost.

I've tried talking to girls, but always end up embarrassing myself. I don't
know how to express my feelings anyway other than text documents, apparently.
People tell me that I'm handsome enough to get any girl I want, but good looks
aren't enough. I may be good looking, but that's not evident to me unless I'm
looking in a damn mirror; while I'm actually talking to a person I'm just an
awkward moron who can't get the words out of his mouth.

I suppose that's enough over-sharing for now. I'm not sure who will read this,
or what you should take away from this, but it's what's on my mind. I hope
that this was more therapeutic for you to read than it was for me to write.

Good night.
