(DISCLAIMER: I AM BAKED WHILE WRITING THIS)

sludge life is a game in which you walk around a shithole of a town, talk with
lowlife characters, paint graffiti, and disrespect the establishment.

the town in which Sludge Life takes place in is a dystopic look at what happens
when Capitalism goes too far and corruption seeps into politicians. This seems
to be the central theme of the game.

Too much advertising and propaganda has got all the inhabitants of the town to
get hooked on nicotine and corn syrup, and when some corporate art breaks and
crushes and kills Ciggy -- the mascot of the cigarette company -- riots break
out. The public is outraged and almost all the working people in the town go on
strike. This leads to security and workers not being around to chase off
vandals, and this is why nobody seems to want to stop the roaming gangs of
graffiti artists in the town. Another side effect of law enforcement becoming
more lax with the rules is the people all indulging psychedic mushrooms and
psychoactive drugs. I think that the nihilism and cynicism in the game is a
commentary on how advertising and corporation are largely harmful to society.

The different places we visit; hospitals, gyms, laboratories, comms towers, are
all completely filled with cigarette butts, coffee pots, beer cans, propaganda
and advertising. Consumerism and capitalism has the general public by the balls.
It's suffocating.

It is possible to stumble upon a news publication office in an apartment
building. All of the employees at NewsBeak are pigeons blankly pecking at the
keyboard. Although this surreal gag is perfectly in line with Sludge Life's
unique sense of humour, I think it means more.

I think this gag is a commentary on the unreliablity of the news and popular
media, saying that the news is akin to just quickly writing crap out to make
deadlines, disregarding the quality or truth of the article. And it could also
be seen as a commentary on (this one kind of reaches) the omnipresence of the
media. Pigeons are one of the most common birds in this game and can be found in
almost every area. They are everywhere all at once.

The law enforcement of the town is extraordinarily lazy, letting residents do
whatever they please, except for the muscle bound SWAT guys guarding corporate
offices from protesters. Once corruption seeps into the society, it's only the
elites who are protected. If you manage to sneak into the building guarded from
protesters, you can find that the CEO of Glug is living in a bunker above his
office, eating big meals and sleeping on a big bed in the largest house you'll
find in the whole town. He is sleeping in a jacuzzi, not at all affected by the
turmoil of the town or it's citizens. He is simply lifted above their problems
by his wealth.

The few working residents of the town don't give a shit about their jobs. They
seem bored and indifferent while working, due to the lack of customers. At the
BurgerMon restaurant, the guy at the front counter greets you with "I can tell
you have no money, so feel free to go through our garbage".
